README.md, before:

[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/DeaLoux/Aqukin)](https://david-dm.org/DeaLoux/Aqukin)
[![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/DeaLoux/Aqukin)](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)

# Aqukin
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/src/utilities/media/background.png">
</p>

Your diamond ninja combat baka maid, a bot that was created based on a Virtual Youtuber known as [Minato Aqua](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1opHUrw8rvnsadT-iGp7Cg)

# Description
For the list of commands or more info on setting Aqukin up, please refer to the [Wiki pages](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/wiki)

This branch uses [Lavalink Engine](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink) and [Erela.js Client](https://projects.solaris.codes/erelajs/) for playing music 

# [License](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)
- `Character Copyright` (c) 2017-2020 [Cover corp](https://cover-corp.com/)
- `Background Copyright` (c) [Gaou-sensei](https://twitter.com/umaiyo_puyoman)
- `Software Copyright` (c) 2020 Minh Duc Le / DeaLoux
- `Aqukin` is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)
- The code is open-source and free to use, please have a look at the license and keep in mind about giving appropriate credit where it is due, thank you.

Commit message:

LAST COMMIT
Depreciated, this branch is no longer being updated.

README.md, after:

[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/DeaLoux/Aqukin)](https://david-dm.org/DeaLoux/Aqukin)
[![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/DeaLoux/Aqukin)](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)

# `DEPRECIATED: this branch is just a stand alone version of the bot running only Lavalink Engine, all updates are on the master branch along with Opus Engine`

# Aqukin
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/src/utilities/media/background.png">
</p>

Your diamond ninja combat baka maid, a bot that was created based on a Virtual Youtuber known as [Minato Aqua](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1opHUrw8rvnsadT-iGp7Cg)

# Description
For the list of commands or more info on setting Aqukin up, please refer to the [Wiki pages](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/wiki)

This branch uses [Lavalink Engine](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink) and [Erela.js Client](https://projects.solaris.codes/erelajs/) for playing music 

# [License](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)
- `Character Copyright` (c) 2017-2020 [Cover corp](https://cover-corp.com/)
- `Background Copyright` (c) [Gaou-sensei](https://twitter.com/umaiyo_puyoman)
- `Software Copyright` (c) 2020 Minh Duc Le / DeaLoux
- `Aqukin` is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/DeaLoux/Aqukin/blob/master/LICENSE)
- The code is open-source and free to use, please have a look at the license and keep in mind about giving appropriate credit where it is due, thank you.
